Add meta descriptions (#4003)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/index.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Check out the user manual of the Wazuh Platform in this section. Learn more about how Wazuh works, the components, and more. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: The Wazuh user manual helps you configure, adjust, and make use of all of the available capabilities. Learn more about product functionalities in this section.
```
